Notes from Meeting: 09-28-14
============================

Details
-------
**Date:** September 28, 2014  
**Time:** 9pm - 11pm  
**Participants:**  
*In Person:* Giovanna Diaz, Thai Nguyen, Santiago De La Torre, Jusin Coon  
*Connected through Technology:* Colin McGinnis, Meriem Ayadi  
*All participants were discussing through the use of chat / google doc and were working on the google doc simultaneously*

Highlights
----------
-**Discussed/Worked on Project Assignment 02:** Present and technologically present team members contributed to the googledoc that is devoted to PA2  
-**UI/UX:** Discussion on the flow of events when the user wants to schedule when to meet with someone. Details discussed included...  
> - In order to see someone else's free time, you must send a request  
> - You can prioritize times that you are willing to meet  
> - You can prioritize which free time you want to use first / How the user will indicate on the calendars which times they prioirtize - stars? numbers?    
> - The app will only reveal the times when you are both free during the scheduling process  
> - Scaling for 2 users, and then expanding to include what the flow would look like with more than 2 users.  
> - What happens when no times match up? 2 options: 1. It is impossible to schedule, everything is overlapping completely 2. They didn't have any times because of the priorities, so the app could suggest times that they hadn't wanted first.  
> - How often does the app connect back to Google to update your personal calendar display?  
> - What kind of privacy settings should we be considering?  

Issues
------
-**1. App Name:**  
Problem: There was some discussion and conflict over what the application name would be. Everybody had a different idea.  
Solution: We will create a poll on Trello or everybody can vote on their favorite one  
-**2. Google API:**  
Problem: We wanted things out of Google that we were not sure we could get...   
Solution: Justin said he would look more in to the Google API to make sure we could do what we were hoping to do.  
-**2. UI/UX:**  
Problem: Some minor confusion/disagreement over how user experience flow should be  
Solution: For now, continue thinking about it individually and we will discuss during our next meeting  

Tasks
-----
@Kiernan : Complete bio, contribue to google doc information  
@Giovanna : Write notes on meeting, Create poll for name voting, start condensing googledoc  
@Thai : Continue work on budget  
@Santiago :  Continue work on googledoc, make facebook event for tuesday meeting  
@Justin : Continue work on timeline, continue looking in to Google API  
@Meriem: Continue work on project assignment 2
@Colin : Ask about adding Richards to our google doc to track contributions  
@Everyone : Post any ideas that you had on TRELLO (Web App name ideas or otherwise)! Continue working on Assignment 2!