Notes from Meeting: 09-30-14
============================

Details
-------
**Date:** September 30, 2014  
**Time:** 9pm - 10pm  
**Participants:**  
*In Person:* Giovanna Diaz, Santiago De La Torre, Meriem Ayadi, Kiernan Drohan, Colin McGinnis, Justin Coon  
*Connected through Technology:* Thai Nguyen  
*All participants were discussing through the use of chat / google doc and were working on the google doc simultaneously*  

Highlights
----------
-**Discussed Workshop 02:** Asked questions and worked together as a group to answer questions.  
-**Discussed/Worked on Project Assignment 02:** Present, and technologically present, team members contributed to the googledoc that is devoted to PA2. WE also assigned roles and clearly set up who will 
-**How will people sign on?:** There was some discussion over the method of logging in to the web app. Please see Issue 2 (below) for more information on what was discussed.  

Issues
------
-**1. Google API (cont. from previous meeting):**  
Problem: We wanted things out of Google that we were not sure we could get...   
Solution: Justin said he would look more in to the Google API to make sure we could do what we were hoping to do.
-**2. How do we want users to sign in?:**  
Problem: Since we are most likely going to user Google Calendar as our main calendar (we want to extend the calendar features, not build a calendar from scratch) we were debating between having users sign in with Facebook, Google, or both.  
Solution: We decided that having users sign in with Google is the best method. They can then connect their account with their Facebook to find friends, and have events imported in to their calendar. This allows users the option of sharing more information, but not requiring it (as you could do a search for your friends by username as well). If people do not have calendars already started with google, we could ask which current calendar they use and instruct them on downloading the appropriate file for upload with google.  

Tasks
-----
@Kiernan : Work on the problem statement (w/ Colin) / Push bio
@Giovanna : Logo / product description (w/ Santiago) / Push Bio
@Thai : Push Budget and Bio
@Santiago : product description (w/ Giovanna) / Push bio
@Justin : Finish timeline / Push Bio
@Meriem : Finish competition section / Push Bio
@Colin : Work on the problem statement (w/ Kiernan) / Push bio

@Everyone : Try and get your tasks done by Wednesday (October 1st) evening. This way we have more time to edit if need be!