Notes from Meeting: 11-20-14
============================

Details
-------
**Date:** November 20, 2014  
**Time:** 2 - 5:15   
**Participants:** Justin Coon, Thai Nguyen, Giovanna Diaz, Santiago de la Torre, Kiernan Drohan  


Highlights
----------
-**Google Log in Implemented!:** Users are able to log in with their google accounts. We pull their profile pictures and put them in the layout so it looks nice. This is still buggy though, and Justin was working on the refresh tokens.
-**Profile Page Finished:** Giovanna finished the profile page layout and Thai started to throw the profile picture and information in there.  
-**Creating a New User:** Santiago continued to work on the implementation of the the logging in / creating an account without a google profile. This would help us in reaching a bigger usergroup. 


Issues
------
-**1. Importing Calendar Data:**  
Problem: The calendar data comes in, but it's really ugly JSON and you get EVERYTHING.  
Solution: Justin is looking in to parsing the data - he is going to limit the data that comes in to only future events (set the flag to true), and put it in to the database.    
-**2.Logging in with Google:**  
Problem: Still buggy    
Solution: Justin is working on the issue with the refresh tokens. 

Tasks
-----
**@Giovanna:** Continue working on other views -- Groups / Settings  
**@Justin:** Calendar Data / Change the database so that it was hosted on mongolab  
**@Kiernan:** Continue working on the email feature  
**@Santiago:** Finish up external user log in  
**@Thai:** Work more on the database - connecting things with the views  